1- next dependency (React.js): 
            - Zero configuration framework .
            - Not areplacment of React, it`s just an additional tool to help us
                 built React app more faster.
            - particulers that make Next more diffrent :

                1- Server rendering : has a deffrrent way of rendering, by providing
                     deffernet assets to the browser to run the application.
                     we still write React application as before but the JAvascript executed 
                     on the server .
                     Server rendering is more faster and more performant, because its easer for the 
                     browser to display and parse the HTML and CSS , and it take all the benefits from 
                     Single Page App (SPA) 

                2- Zero Setup Framework : /pages directory take care for all routes in our application
                    and that called (File System based Routing) , as compared to most react app we need
                    install andsetup all dependencies and declaie your routs with components.
                    File System based Routing involve just creating a folder called : "pages" and dropping 
                    in all Javascript files into it. 
                    so every file inside the pages folder contain js file represent a ruote.

                    => to run the application we type:
                        npm run dev
                        and Next will compile the project , and all the compilled assets will be in the .next folder
                    and those pages consest of several components usually and these components will be found in the 
                    components folder

                    also it have (Hot code reloading) which if there any changes happen in the code it will reflect to the page 
                    automatecally.

            - static folder like pages folder has a special name to be recognized by next.

2- When we build React App we ware about stylish : so we the easist way to do it without much coding is to use acomponent library:
        so we will use a popular library : Semantic UI React and that will help us alot in structuring and apperance.

    - how we going to wrap each page with the layout component , there is a custome page that NEXT make it availaple for us and it
         included in the pages folder called "_app.js" can access every single page component and enable us to add new element and 
         this is will help us when it come to authenticate user, can pass the user data to every single page .
         and the component of each page provided on props 